Development log for "weskaggs" branch.

2008-01-01:  Reorganization of filters.

This commit moves a whole bunch of filters around, renaming some,
moving others to different categories, and removing some.  In a few
cases the reasons for the changes are pretty obvious, I think -- I
will try to explain the less obvious changes here.

) I removed the "Map" category because it doesn't really give much of
an idea of what a filter does -- except for the color-mapping filters,
which are organized separately.

) I added new categories "Transparency", "Transform", "Tiling", and
"Pointillize", because I think they are useful.

) I'm not very happy with the name "Pointillize", but haven't been
able to think of a better one yet.  The filters that fall into this
group are ones that leave the large-scale structure of an image
intact, but change the structure at a micro-level.  Most of the
filters I put here were formerly in the "Distorts" category.

) I renamed "Distorts" as "Distort" because most of the other
categories are named using active verbs, not adjectives.

) I removed mail.c because it is essentially useless.  I removed
nlfilt.c for the same reason -- its documentation is very misleading:
it hardly ever does anything useful.

) I removed blinds.c, cartoon.c, and fractaltrace.c because they are
too specialized to be generally useful -- these belong in the
repository rather than inside gimp.

) I removed lic.c and warp.c because they are unusable: too
complicated and lacking previews.  These could potentially come back
if they are made usable, although I think they belong more
appropriately in the repository in any case.

) I removed the menu entry for sharpen.c, because for interactive use,
Unsharp Mask is nearly always a better approach.

) I removed the menu entries for sobel.c and laplace.c because they
are hardly ever useful except in scripts.

) I renamed "Align visible layers" to "Auto-align layers" because the
old name conflicts with the new Align dialog.

I don't consider these changes to be perfect, final, and
unquestionable, but I believe most of them are significant
improvements.

